everyone is a pedestrian whether you're
in the city or suburb the use of
crosswalks and sidewalks are involved
notice how people are walking with no
worries and rely on the crosswalk to
keep them safe the traffic is aware of
when and where they they are crossing
there are many cars Watson command I
also feel safe crossing I know that the
traffic is aware of me where they when
I'm crossing the street however there is
some constant influence upon and have a
challenging time trading across the
street a different team where the
crosswalk thing and I cannot even get
off the sidewalk and to back up and go
to the low around
I know I'm in the middle of traffic and
I haven't really into the crosswalk
words notice then an alternative card is
not even seen causing this is this is a
very dangerous and story situation for
me I don't know what to do - ever seen
crossing or turn back
notice how pedestrians can walk with
these back onto the sample I am I on the
other hand cannot here's a fun view of
how I have to get back onto some long as
I want
once again notice how I have to go out
of the classroom mendeecees there to get
back onto the sidewalk here's another
example of a noble person demonstrating
the difference that we both have with
accessibility using a crosswalk